Throughout this course, we'll be relying heavily on a service called Expo.
Expo basically makes everything to do with React Native a whole lot easier.
The whole idea of Expo is that you shouldn't need to ever touch native code,
whether that's Swift, Objective-C or Java,
when you're building a React Native app.
As a JavaScript developer,
I think that's a great mission.
So whenever we have to deal with the native API,
something like the camera or geolocation,
instead of having to deal with Xcode or Android studio, which trust me,
to be a huge pain,
we can use Expo's JavaScript API to get the same results.
I can't express just how influential and valuable Expo
has been on the React Native community.
Now, what's the relationship between the React Native team and the Expo Team?
Well, they're really close.
Most of the main contributors to React Native work full-time on
Expo and some were even former Facebook employees.
In fact, Create React Native app was built by
the Expo Team and is now the official way to start building with React Native.